Update ZAP mentions (#3169)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/android/MASVS-NETWORK/MASTG-TEST-0236.md

**Notes**:

- Interception proxies will show HTTP(S) traffic only. You can, however, use some tool-specific plugins such as [Burp-non-HTTP-Extension](https://github.com/summitt/Burp-Non-HTTP-Extension) or other tools like @MASTG-TOOL-0078 to decode and visualize communication via XMPP and other protocols.

> - Some apps may not function correctly with proxies like Burp and ZAP because of certificate pinning. In such a scenario, you can still use basic network sniffing to detect cleartext traffic. Otherwise, you can try to disable pinning (see @MASTG-TECH-0012 for Android and @MASTG-TECH-0064 for iOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some apps may not function correctly with proxies like Burp and @MASTG-TOOL-0079 because of certificate pinning. In such a scenario, you can still use basic network sniffing to detect cleartext traffic. Otherwise, you can try to disable pinning (see @MASTG-TECH-0012 for Android and @MASTG-TECH-0064 for iOS)
```
